!!@@##@@!! -- Example 0
Analyze whether the given sentence is faithful to the article. If the sentence solely conveys information that comes directly from the article, without any additions or omissions, respond with 'Faithful'. If the sentence contains information that is in direct contradiction to the article, respond with 'Intrinsic Hallucination'. If the sentence introduces information or details that are not explicitly mentioned in the article itself, respond with 'Extrinsic Hallucination'.

Article: Mohammad Thneibat said countries such as Jordan faced a "serious problem" in coping with so many young refugees.
He called for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers.
"The alternatives are very bad," said Mr Thneibat.
"The international community will pay a high price if we don't stand together to face this serious problem," he told the Global Education and Skills Forum.
Mr Thneibat said Jordan already had Palestinian and Iraqi refugees and now had 1.3 million Syrians who had fled across its borders.
"We're trying to do everything to educate these young people for peace, introducing ideas of tolerance and co-existence," Mr Thneibat, who is also Jordan's education minister, told the international conference in Dubai.
But he warned that Syria's neighbours did not have the capacity to deal with such an influx of families without more international assistance.
He said Jordan was training thousands more teachers and building new schools, which would operate in double shifts to try to accommodate 145,000 refugee children in its state school system.
But there were still more children arriving than could be taught, he warned.
There had been financial support from the international community - and more had been pledged, Mr Thneibat said - but almost two-thirds of the cost of each extra refugee pupil was being taken from Jordan's own education budget, he said.
This was in addition to extra costs in health, housing and infrastructure.
Without any access to education, he said such youngsters could become part of another cycle of conflict.
"If we leave these students, we believe they could become extremists."
Tom Fletcher, UK ambassador to Lebanon until last year, said the numbers of refugees were now "staggering".
Mr Fletcher is now working for a coalition trying to get business support to tackle the refugee crisis.
He said conventional humanitarian crisis approaches did not work on this scale, and that other groups, including business, should contribute.
George Papendreou, former prime minister of Greece, told the conference that he had been a refugee when his family was in political exile.
He said that European countries should try to see refugees as potential benefits to their societies rather than respond with "fear and ignorance".
Sentence: the head of lebanon\'s education department has warned that international efforts to tackle the migrant crisis could lead to the end of education in the future.
Label:
 Extrinsic Hallucination

Article: A team from Glasgow University studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present.
They found evidence of common UK accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th" in words like think, and a dropped letter 'l', as in people to peopo.
Overall though, the researchers said the Scots accent remained distinctive.
The three-year Sounds of the City study, was led by Professor Jane Stuart-Smith, director of the university's laboratory of phonetics.
"We were quite surprised by what we found," she said.
"The assumption is that traditional dialects generally across the UK are being eroded and some are dying out altogether, but what we have learned, particularly with the Glasgow accent, is that Scots accents are actually flourishing.
"Interestingly, what is not happening in Scotland is the dilution of accents to a more homogenised anglicised accent on the scale that we are seeing in England, and in fact the Scots accent remains very distinctive."
As part of its study, the Glasgow team built up a digitised body of recorded speech sounds.
The team said its work suggested the distinctive Scots accent had undergone two kinds of changes.
One set are common accent changes, which have spread right across the UK, such as the "f" and "l" examples.
The team said this change was being spread partly by dialect contact and partly by the popularity of TV shows set in London.
The project also uncovered a second set of finer changes local to Scotland.
These included how vowels were pronounced in words such as boat, goat and coat, or stop sounds that are pronounced in words like pin, top and cat.
The researchers anticipated these sounds either to be stable over time, or perhaps to be changing in the same way as in Anglo-English accents.
Their evidence suggested, however, that these features and others were all changing, the changes were local to Scotland and not affected by Anglo-English changes, and that they had been happening for 100 years or more.
The Glasgow team said the trigger for some of these changes appeared to be the period around the First World War.
The study focused on six audio recordings, made in 1916 and held by the British Library, of Scots soldiers from German Prisoner of War camps.
From those recordings researchers found evidence to show that even a century ago, and perhaps even earlier, Scottish accents were already changing.
The research and findings of the project will be made available to students and other researchers via an online resource.
Sentence: a new study of scots accent has found that it has changed many times over the last century.
Label:
 Faithful

Article: PC Keith Palmer's murder, in an attack outside the Houses of Parliament in March, prompted "greater emphasis" on the need for a permanent memorial.
The UK Police Memorial Trust appealed for £1.5m towards its construction at the National Memorial Arboretum.
It is set to bear the names of more than 1,400 officers and staff.
Sir Hugh Orde, chairman of the trust, said: "PC Palmer's death has put greater emphasis on the need to create a place where the nation can honour and commemorate our police service and where family, friends and colleagues of those killed on duty can go to carry out personal acts of remembrance.
"We need to establish a fitting memorial that recognises the vital contribution that policing makes to our society and acknowledges the courage and sacrifice made by police officers and police staff who have paid the ultimate price.
"That tribute must become part of the fabric of our national life."
More updates on this story
The memorial, at the site in Alrewas, Staffordshire, will be dedicated to the courage and sacrifice of the officers, who have lost their lives over the past 250 years.
A brass screen will have leaf shapes cut out and given to the families of fallen officers, with the names of loved ones as a personal memorial.
Home Secretary Amber Rudd said the government had committed £1m towards the £4m needed for it.
"It is entirely fitting that those officers and staff who give their lives in the line of duty should be remembered with a lasting tribute," she said.
The memorial is expected to be completed by 2019.
Sentence: work has begun on a permanent memorial to the victims of the police attack in westminster.
Label:
 Intrinsic Hallucination

Article: Sheikh Ali Salman told the BBC that for national dialogue to be meaningful, the government had to show its willingness to offer "concrete solutions".
"We want someone who can speak for the royal family," he said.
Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa is seen as a reformist in a court divided on how to respond to opposition demands.
Hardliners - centred around the unelected Prime Minister Sheikh Khalifa bin Salman al-Khalifa, who has been in his post since 1971 - are said to be opposed to a dialogue process which has only just been agreed between the government and six opposition societies.
They fear that any concessions will only serve to encourage more demands from opposition leaders they deeply distrust.
However, speaking to the BBC during a visit to London, Sheikh Salman insisted that now was the time for dialogue.
"We welcome it, we are ready for it," he said. "We believe that dialogue and negotiations are necessary."
The al-Wefaq leader acknowledged that many young protesters had lost faith in the main opposition parties.
"A lot of young people do not believe that we should ask for permission to go on a demonstration, or that we should call for a constitutional monarchy with this family, which until now is still killing people".
But he believed that the only way forward was to work with reformists within the Sunni Muslim royal family, including the US- and UK-educated Crown Prince Salman, who has has long been considered a proponent of accommodation with the country's Shia majority.
Sheikh Salman noted that hours before King Hamad brought in Gulf Co-operation Council (GCC) troops to restore order and crush dissent on 14 March 2011, the crown prince and opposition had agreed a seven-point plan that would have moved Bahrain towards a constitutional monarchy.
"We had an agreement with the crown prince," he said. "The seven principles were announced and then 12 hours later, GCC troops came in and severed the dialogue."
Asked about the appointment of Senator John Kerry as US secretary of state, Sheikh Salman said he was "hopeful" that he would "do more than his predecessor", Hillary Clinton.
"US policy needs to be more clear and direct. The United States government needs to pressure harder for human rights and democratic practices.  We are told that Mr Kerry has more interest in Bahrain and so we hope he will achieve more."
On the UK's approach to the crisis in Bahrain, the al-Wefaq leader was more blunt.
"If the UK government and [Prime Minister David] Cameron are serious about putting an end to violence and human rights abuses, then they have to speak out publically.
"It is not enough to say: 'We are privately urging reform.' That has been done for years. Unfortunately, the Bahrain government is not listening to these private conversations.
"So, the question I would ask the British government is: 'Shall you continue to say it privately and not put public pressure?' This is not, I think, a good policy."
Sheikh Salman also reiterated al-Wefaq's position that it would continue to call for "peaceful demonstrations", even though all public gatherings and rallies are currently banned in Bahrain.
"It is the only way open to us to put pressure on the government."
He also called for the release of 13 opposition leaders and human rights activists who have been sentenced to between five years and life in prison on evidence widely accepted as having been obtained under torture. They were convicted of plotting to overthrow the government.
"These people have a lot of followers in the street.  If they are not part of the dialogue than the dialogue will fail."
Sentence: the leader of bahrain\'s main opposition party has said there needs to be dialogue between the kingdom\'s crown prince and government.
Label:

